(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Entourage)
What's this?
Are you hitting on me? I'll pass.
I was just admiring your skateboarding skills.
So?
I thought I'd befriend you and learn a few tricks.
I'm good. There are plenty of good people other than me.
I know. Goodness.
You're here.
You can speak.
Why exactly are you doing this?
You bailed out once, remember?
On what? Investing in "Lim Hwa Su"?
It's a good movie.
- That's not the real reason. - What do you want to hear?
Aren't you trying to cut Young Bin out of the movie?
No way.
Let's be honest, Ms. Jo.
I started my cinematic career in advertising and marketing.
Do you know who gave me the hardest time when I was in marketing?
- Your ex-husband? - I've never been married.
I see. Why is there a rumor saying you got divorced twice?
- The actors. - Right.
There were also stuck-up producers, delusional directors,
and arrogant reporters.
But actors were the worst.
There are some actors who give you hard time.
I had to treat them like kings in order to promote movies.
It's funny, isn't it? It's their movie, after all.
When I was in their faces, I smiled for them.
Meanwhile, my insides were being burnt down.
There are many people who hold grudges in this industry.
And then what?
He bailed out on my movie without consulting anyone.
That reminded me of the old days.
I'm sick of the actors' irresponsibility.
That's why I got you a new actor.
Let's stop it now. I'm sick of it.
That's right. I'm sick of it, too.
I'm not a bad person. I'm not small-minded, either.
We're only investing in the movie because it's a good film.
Right.
I see. So Young Bin should...
No. I can't trust him.
Gosh.
Goodness.
Hey, Boss. You're here.
What are you so happy about?
I'm happy to see Young Bin.
Should I not be smiling?
What? What is it?
Did you have a fight again?
When you get angry, your face gets really wrinkly.
What is a llama talking to me about?
Llamas are cute.
Why you little...
Why didn't you say you were coming?
I was curious how things are going with "Lim Hwa Su".
You never tell me the bad news.
No. I don't do that these days.
What did Ms. Jo say?
It must be bad since you're pretending to be bright.
You know me better than my wife does.
She doesn't like you. She never did.
Do you think it'll work out if I go apologize to her?
You're going to meet her?
I can't do the movie like this so I have to do something.
She doesn't even want to meet you.
What about the production company?
They don't have any say in it. They're the ones who get paid.
Mr. Ahn has completely given up.
What about Director Yang?
He's not the type to be easily persuaded by the investors.
He's a new director.
Today's movie industry revolves around the investors.
Things just won't work out with Ms. Jo.
She says that she's in it because "Lim Hwa Su" is of good quality,
but she's trying to mess with Young Bin.
I shouldn't have quit in the first place.
Investing in a movie...
just to kick an actor out isn't right. She crossed the line.
It can't be solely because of that. The movie is of good quality.
Let's forget about this movie. We should look for something else.
I don't want to do anything other than "Lim Hwa Su".
There he goes again. You're being stubborn.
"Lim Hwa Su" is out of the picture now.
You know how Ms. Jo can get.
I know, but I have to persuade her. I'll ask for forgiveness.
You want to do the movie that much?
Yes. I really want to do it.
Okay.
I'll make sure you get to meet her.
Maybe she'll listen to me when I say you'll apologize to her.
However, if that doesn't work, you have to do something else.
We have to persuade her. I'll beg for her forgiveness.
Gosh. Fine, then.
Let's bring it in.
What are you doing?
You're being so weird. Why don't you just curse?
- I'll say. - I thought it was weird, too.
Was it that much to ask for?
- One, two, three. Let's go! - Let's go!
Gosh.
- Hello. - Hello.
Thank you.
Why do you keep tagging me along?
People make fun of me because of what happened last time.
You don't do anything at home.
- I make business plans. - Of course you do.
- Don't you want to do anything? - No.
Joon, people with dreams are hard to find.
- Having a job can't be a dream. - Forget it.
Where's my manager?
He should be here somewhere.
Why do you feel uncomfortable around him? He's even younger than me.
You don't treat me like that.
You make it sound like I find my manager uncomfortable.
Yes. You look like it.
I'll go get the car. Please come to the parking lot.
- Let's go. - Okay.
I can do... Thank you so much.
"I can do... Thank you so much."
Cha Joon is a coward who is weak to the strong and strong to the weak.
What did you say? Watch your mouth.
Hey, Cha Joon.
That's Lee Joo Yeon.
Long time no see. How have you been?
Can you stop hitting me? You should really work on that.
I was happy to see you, that's all.
Are you shooting here today?
Horse Lady Cha Joon was hilarious.
Mr. Prostate.
What brings you here?
I started doing a drama, too.
- By the way, who's this? - Don't mind him.
- Good luck on your drama. - Thanks.
See you next time.
That's Lee Joo Yeon. How do you know her?
- You looked really close. - We were in the same agency.
Oh, that's right.
What's wrong, then? You looked like you didn't like her.
The agency backed up her girl group and neglected us completely.
That's why we didn't make it.
That's because you guys were unpopular.
The CEO didn't treat us fairly.
Only they got good housing.
We were given 5 dollars a meal and they were given 10 each.
Whenever we came across each other, she ignored me. That arrogant brat.
That's all past you now. She came to say hi to you just now.
Now, there are people watching us.
She probably still thinks ill of me.
You're the only one who thinks that. Stop with that victim mentality.
Let's go. My manager is waiting.
We should. If we don't, he'll probably beat us up.
Oh, my gosh.
Young Bin!
- Are you in there? - Come out of there.
- Hi. - Come on out.
- Get out of my way. - Oh, gosh.
- Let go of me. - What are you doing?
Let go of me.
That's not Young Bin.
It's him. You know,
the guy with a penis problem.
- That's him? - Let's go, guys.
Guys?
- I'll go now. - Okay, thank you.
Have a... Thanks for everything.
What was that?
What did they just say?
They were expecting Young Bin and were surprised to see you.
This is stressful.
I have an upset stomach now.
Can you get me something for it from the convenience store?
- You go. - People recognize me.
You think you're a big star now?
When will you wake up? You need therapy.
I am a star.
- Aren't you the guy from Han River? - You're the girl on the skateboard.
That man who was with you that day is Cha Young Bin, right?
That's right. Why?
Darn it. I should've taken a picture and asked for an autograph.
Why are you friends with Young Bin?
I mean... Are you two really close?
We get by.
So you're not that close? Don't you have his number?
We're not that close.
Why? What are you doing here?
I want to see Cha Young Bin.
I went there that day because I heard he comes to Han River often.
I was just asking. That's too bad.
The fans are standing over there. Why aren't you there with them?
I'm not going near them. Do you know how scary they can be?
They're groupies.
And you're not?
I just want to see him once and for all.
I'm not lying.
That means you're a groupie.
What's that?
That's for the street cat.
It's hiding around here somewhere. It's really cute.
Feed away.
Pet it.
- Okay. I will. - I'll go now.
- Go on, then. - I was on my way.
- I'm leaving. - Okay, then.
I'm going now.
- What kind of tuna is that? - Get out of here.
Hey.
She's so cute.
The groupies made a camp by the convenience store.
I hope they don't ring the bell late at night.
They gave me an upset stomach.
It got worse when I heard you didn't get a part in that movie.
That woman rejected Young Bin again?
If Young Bin doesn't get the part, I won't get one, either.
You'll be able to do it. Director Yang will give you one.
It's an ill-fated relationship we have with Ms. Jo.
It's because of what happened at Busan International Film Festival.
That time when she groped your bottom...
Let me talk to your bottom.
Hey. Do you want to die?
Why do you have to be there, Idiot?
Why did you get groped, Stupid?
This is all your fault, Dummy.
Are you talking to me or my bottom?
Your bottom.
You old, ugly bottom.
Get a grip, you pooping machine.
Gosh.
Why can I laugh in this type of situation?
You only live once.
Let's not get too serious.
You're right. It'll all work out.
Darn bottom. I'm talking to your bottom.
- That's enough now. - I'm talking to your bottom.
You didn't do anything wrong. It's your bottom's fault.
Oh Dal Su invited me to his movie premier.
I can't go to someone else's movie premier in a situation like this.
Hold on.
Isn't that the movie Ms. Jo invested in?
That's the one.
Let's go.
Young Bin.
He's doing all this on purpose, isn't he?
This won't change Ms. Jo's mind.
I'm getting offers from everywhere even now.
I think it'll be better if we don't mention other movies.
You know how stubborn he is.
I do very well.
He did it to me, too.
Thank you.
Were you talking about me?
Yes. We talked behind your back.
Ms. Jo is the one we want to talk behind her back. Where is she?
I don't know. We should go see her.
There's Oh Dal Su.
Just look at how big his head is.
I feel so much better when I'm standing next to him.
Dal Su.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hey, Kim Eun Gab.
You were talking about my head again, weren't you?
You really stand out.
- Hey, Young Bin. - Hello.
- We should do a movie together. - Of course.
You really should.
We want to sell 10 million tickets with you as a lucky charm.
- Is your head the secret behind it? - Stop talking nonsense.
I'm a bit busy right now. Sorry.
- Enjoy the movie. - We will. Congratulations.
You should drink coffee.
- Okay. - Thank you.
- Don't drink too much. - All right.
Stay healthy. Don't get sick and live happily.
That movie was so bad.
I feel like I took a sleeping pill.
Why did you have to snore?
Was I not cursing? Even religious television is better than this.
It really was painful to watch it until the end.
I know, right? I'm worried for him.
Did you get the ending?
No.
Cha Young Bin. Can you tell us what you thought about the movie?
- Okay. - Let's get started.
How did you like the movie?
It was really good. I liked it.
It was of good quality.
The directing and acting were spotless.
I'll recommend people around me to go watch this movie.
- Is that good enough? - Thank you.
- Okay. - Thank you.
Thank you.
You're so pretentious.
You were right. Actors are not to be trusted.
I hope Ms. Jo sees that.
The thumbs up was too much.
- That was... - Stop it now.
It's Ms. Jo. Let's go talk to her.
Ms. Jo.
Is she ignoring me on purpose?
Why isn't she...
Ms. Jo.
Come on. Hurry.
Excuse me.
- Ms. Jo. - Hey!
She took off on us.
Does she think we're stalkers?
- It's Ms. Kang. - Is it her?
- Why are you avoiding her? - Why are you?
We didn't do anything wrong.
Ji An is here, too.
- You know Ji An? - No.
- Who's that? - Should we go now?
Let's go somewhere.
There's no need for us to be shameful.
Just be yourself.
She's coming. Press the button.
Face the restroom.
You three make a good company.
It's nice.
You're here for the movie premier, too?
- Hello, Mr. Kim. - Long time no see, Ji An.
- Hello, you two. - Hello.
What a boring movie.
What a lame day this is.
First the movie, and now this.
Mom.
- Aren't you coming? - We're expecting company.
Go on up.
Of course, you are.
Are you expecting ghosts?
You certainly feel like one. Go on up.
Right. I wish you a long and happy life, too.
Call me.
What was that?
- What was that just now? - Nothing.
She's so strange. Why would she...
What's wrong with her?
- Is something going on? - No.
She's fierce just like her mother. Get yourself together.
Why isn't the elevator coming down?
Why would she do that?
You looked like you were avoiding me on purpose.
Why would I? I didn't see you.
You saw me after the premier.
We were chasing you down.
- I said I didn't see you. - Fine. I understand.
Young Bin was there yesterday.
He did an interview promoting the movie.
So?
He's doing it on purpose because he feels sorry to you.
There's no need for that. It's over between us.
How is it over?
Even with a couple breaks up, they meet once for the last time.
Are you...
looking into the casting for "Lim Hwa Su"?
Yes, of course.
I've been looking into it as well, but there wasn't anyone available.
You couldn't find anyone, could you?
Song Joong Ki, Lee Min Ho, Kim Soo Hyun are all busy.
It's an on-going process.
Ms. Jo. Can you at least see Young Bin for one last time?
What's so hard about that? Don't bring emotions to business.
You know better than that.
He was the one who got emotional first.
Please. Give him one meeting.
If you do that,
ask me for any favor and I'll deliver.
Is that right?
Lee El is with you, right?
That's right. She's part of our agency.
I'm doing a new movie soon. I want her on it.
Do that for me.
Then I'll think about it.
Stop reading and start talking.
What do you think?
I think it could work.
The investors like throwing away their money.
To be honest,
I wouldn't invest in something like this.
I don't really like the script, either.
And the female role has such a small part.
This is what she gave to Lee El.
She's going to play such a petty role.
We're making a deal, right?
We are.
If we give her Lee El, she'll think positively about Young Bin.
It's a good deal for her.
She doesn't want a rookie, but a top actress wouldn't be willing.
She's going to get what she wants.
If Lee El does this,
will she let Young Bin do "Lim Hwa Su"?
If she has a conscience, she'll at least meet him.
She probably will.
- Right. - By the way,
we're almost handing over Lee El at the wholesale price.
This thing we're doing...
- I know. - This isn't our style.
This isn't the way we do things.
Gosh, you scared me.
You scared me to death.
What's the special occasion? You're never on time.
I made him wait for too long the other day.
Do you want to have a meal with me? I'm feeling hungry.
Okay. Let's do that.
Why didn't she ask me?
How are we going to do this?
Are you going to make her do this?
We could pretend to answer to her demands...
and get Young Bin a meeting for "Lim Hwa Su" first.
You're good at things like that, right?
That's what I was going to do, but I don't like it coming from you.
Well, you're the expert.
I'll just inform her that there's an opening.
Okay.
Go now.
Is he becoming more like me or what?
Where was I?
That's not it.
How's it coming along?
I don't remember anything. I should look it up.
Why do you want me to do Sugar Boys dance?
I think it'll be funny. Going old-school is the trend.
I guess so.
What are you doing here?
I came to see you.
- You still can't dance, can you? - It's Lee Joo Yeon.
You were the worst dancer in your group.
What are you talking about? I was the lead dancer.
You should go now. I have to practice.
I was about to.
By the way,
what are you doing this evening?
I'll be home.
I'm going to meditate and study humanism.
I'm free tonight.
I'm finally having a day off.
Do you want to have dinner with me?
I told you. I have to meditate and...
Are you going to take me somewhere fancy?
Of course.
You don't have a date with your girlfriend, do you?
A girlfriend? I don't have one.
I'll give you a call later.
- But you don't have my number. - Yes, I do.
Joon, are you friends with Lee Joo Yeon?
Not at all. I don't know why she's acting friendly all of a sudden.
Maybe she likes you.
What? Don't be ridiculous.
I'm probably the last person she cares about.
She used to look down on me in the old days.
That's true. There's no way Lee Joo Yeon is into you.
So why is she acting friendly? Does she have a favor to ask?
Is it because of Young Bin?
- Ms. Skateboard? - My name is Min Ah.
I wasn't asking.
Did you not come with Young Bin today?
I came alone. Why?
I've been waiting since morning. That's too bad.
Since morning? Don't you work? Don't you go to school?
I'm a student on leave.
So that's why you're out here every day.
What do you do, Mister? Are you unemployed?
I'm not "Mister", but I am unemployed.
No wonder I always see you around.
What's wrong?
I'm hungry.
I mean...
What are you doing in Seoul if you live in Daejeon? Did you run away?
I'm a grown-up.
I just left.
I was sick of working part-time and the nagging from my parents.
I hate my life.
- So you did run away from home. - I'm on a trip.
Thanks for the food.
I can buy you food,
but why did you have to get the most expensive lunch box?
That's why I'm thanking you.
I sleep in my friend's dorm room,
but I ran out of money to buy food.
Then go home. Or you could go back to school.
The tuition is so expensive, though.
It's not like there's a guarantee I'll get a job after I graduate.
Don't you have anything that you want to do?
I don't know. I'd like to win the lottery.
Gosh.
Do you think I'm pathetic?
No. It's just that you're so much like me.
We're both freeloaders, unemployed, and hopeless.
That makes us buddies.
Right.
What's that alarm for? Do you have an appointment?
No, I set the alarm for a cartoon show, "Adventure Time".
That's my favorite show.
- Jack the dog - Finn the human
Do you watch "K-On!"?
I've seen up until season 2. I've seen the movie, too.
You're a nerd.
Right. Is that bad?
No, not all the time.
Hello? Hey, Joon.
- Let's eat outside tonight. - What are you talking about?
Joo Yeon says she wants to buy me dinner.
Then have dinner with her.
Why would I want to have dinner alone with her?
I'll order everything and make her pay a big bill.
What's wrong with you? You're so childish.
Fine, I'll come.
I promise. Bye.
Are you going somewhere? Are you going to see Cha Young Bin?
He's a Cha, too. But he's a different Cha.
- He wants to have dinner together. - Can I tag along?
We're not that close. Let's not cross the line here.
What's the problem?
You're just like me.
- Can I go? - How are you so much like me?
Let's go.
(Dry-aged Korean Beef)
Are you two refugees or something?
Don't be like that.
Enjoy.
How long have you two been dating?
- We're just... - We're not dating.
I'm just pretending to be his friend.
Why did you pretend like you're not close with Cha Young Bin?
You're so close to his cousin.
He said that? We all live together.
- Why would you say that? - Really?
That's amazing.
- He looks handsome all of a sudden. - I see.
Your friends are all celebrities.
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
You even eat with Lee Joo Yeon. I'm jealous.
Enough with that. Just be quiet and eat.
Okay.
By the way, why aren't the two of you talking?
Are we interrupting your date?
It's not a date. We're just having some barbecue.
Why did you ask me out? Do you have a favor to ask?
No.
By the way, didn't you say you go to church?
You remember that?
My manager then took me with him. I only went a few times.
Do you want to join our prayer group?
Are there female celebrities? I'm in.
- Same with me. - Get lost.
Here.
It's okay. I'll eat by myself. You're going to play a prank.
You're so suspicious of everything.
You should eat a lot.
I'll order some more on my way to the washroom.
What?
Joon, I noticed something surprising.
I think she's interested in you.
Don't even joke.
She's acting nice because you guys are here.
You're so slow.
- You never had a girlfriend, right? - How did you know?
Don't act like you're the jack of all trades at dating.
"Jack of all trades"? You sound so old.
I have goosebumps. How do you talk like that?
Hey. Stop eating.
Who is she? Is she your mini me?
You're both making me mad.
You should get together with Joo Yeon.
You can go to church together.
What about going to church?
It's not like a summer camp!
My mouth hurts. I better eat.
Just let him be and eat some meat.
You have no idea what she's like.
She even went to the police station for having a fight on the streets.
She's a scary person.
She's so scary.
Fool?
I didn't say anything.
You heard something, right? I heard something similar to it.
You two are the same.
Could I get your autograph?
- I want to post it up. - Sure.
- Let's do it together. - What? Autograph? Sure.
I'm sorry, but I only want autographs of celebrities.
Who is he?
I'm so full.
Where is the car?
Are you going to leave without saying bye to Joo Yeon?
Didn't you just see? She asked me to sign it to embarrass me.
You have a victim mentality.
Be quiet.
Where is the car?
I better go.
Thank you for the food.
It's not like I paid for it.
- Are you going back home? - Yes.
Can I call you?
No. You can follow me on social media.
I'll call you.
- Hey. - What?
I think you're a good person.
You too.
Are you inside?
Yes.
Are you here?
Yes. What are you doing?
Trying to find myself a job.
- What is it? - "Lim Hwa Su" character history.
I'm trying to write it down.
It's so unlike you.
What have you figured out?
My conclusion is that the man has an addiction to violence.
He's controlled by his obsessions which is a result of his childhood.
No one had money to eat during that time.
Did you even look up books?
There isn't much on it.
It comes out a little bit in the drama.
The director will be happy.
I'm doing it because I enjoy it.
Did you talk to Ms. Jo?
- It's such a headache. - Should I call her first?
- You? - Yes.
I made the mess, and the two of you are cleaning it all up.
It might be best for me to call her.
No, she'll be even more mad.
- What should we do, then? - Just wait.
Mr. Kim and I are trying.
Sitting and waiting is so difficult.
Just hang in there.
Hey, Joon is doing his old dance. Come and see. It's hilarious.
Dance?
How can you call that a dance?
It's a popular dance move in Europe.
- Mr. Kim. - Yes, what is it?
One moment.
Mr. Kim...
Are you doing something right now?
I'm doing my daughter's art homework.
She's busy with extra classes and asked me.
I see. I don't know what to say.
What would you know? You don't have a daughter.
You're not married, either.
Also, why didn't you tell me about Ji An? Do you want to die?
I told you, I didn't have a chance.
We were separated for a while.
Right. Come to think of it,
were you trying to take Young Bin...
back to Ok Ja because of Ji An?
We never went.
Are you a double spy? Are you recording this call?
Mr. Kim, it's about Young Bin.
What about him?
He's begging to see Ms. Jo.
He wants to call her and set up a meeting.
Well...
She won't see him even if he does.
I tried to stop him but...
Mr. Kim.
I'm thinking about...
letting Lee El appear in Ms. Jo's film.
It's not a bad film, and she'd be the female lead.
Ask yourself in all honesty.
Are you trying to sell her away for Young Bin?
Yes. I think it'd be the right move to let her star in it.
Are you telling yourself that or are you really okay?
She's your star, too.
You should treat her like your daughter and a princess.
She's your talent.
I'm well aware of that.
Are you or are you not?
You don't care about anything else except for Young Bin, do you?
Fine. We'll talk at the office.
Okay.
Let's see. The nose...
That's good enough, right?
It's good enough, right?
It's really bad.
This is what a kid in second grade would draw.
If you say things like that, you're going to upset me.
Yes. I think your dad is cute for drawing this.
Your mom is more beautiful, of course.
If you asked me...
to draw her figure, I'd do better since I know it so well.
That's disgusting.
You always say it's disgusting when your mom and I get along.
What's wrong with you?
Don't say things like that in front of me. I know everything.
What do you know?
Hey, what do you know?
Do kids know everything through the internet? Well?
Forget it. Kids these days are different.
She's old enough to know everything. You're getting another call.
Why is he calling at this hour?
It must be urgent.
What is it? Are you getting a divorce?
Did your wife cheat on you with your friend?
You're so evil.
Your mouth is more dirty than a toilet.
What is it?
We're shooting a new romance film called "Her Tears".
That's a horrible title.
Goodness, is that a comic book from the 1980s?
Just hear me out, okay?
Like "The Beauty Inside", we need some male extras.
It'd be the best to get Young Bin in it.
You can't see that, right? I already answered.
You jerk. I'll just...
Hey.
Jo Tae Young is a co-investor.
I thought you had to get on her good side.
Jo Tae Young?
An extra?
It's about Young Bin.
All right.
Gosh.
(Do you know what I mean?)
I love crime fiction.
Me too. It'd be nice if they made a drug king film in Korea.
- That won't happen right? - No way.
I want to do "Lim Hwa Su" even more now.
Hey. I want to watch "Narcos", too.
Why are you making pickles now?
Because I have to do it right now.
Turtle!
I'm busy playing Overwatch.
They're watching "Narcos" on their own!
Those punks.
- Gosh. - Ouch.
Phone. The phone.
You betrayed us.
Yes, Mr. Kim.
What is it?
What?
How distracting. It's sad not having work.
Shall we also talk on the phone?
That's why you're jobless.
You're not getting any acting jobs because you don't get jokes.
Shall I ask him?
Okay.
We got an offer for an extra role.
- Yes! - Gosh, you startled me.
I'm shooting a commercial.
- You two are so distracting. - Seriously?
Joon, you go first.
Joo Yeon became a model for a game, and she recommended me!
- Really? - Gosh.
See? I told you that she'd be good to you.
She got me a commercial, so I shall forgive her.
Good for you. What were you saying? An extra?
We got an offer for you to make a cameo appearance in a film.
Why all of a sudden?
I'm not sure, but what's important is...
that Ms. Jo is the investor.
Then you have to do it.
Young Bin is too good to appear as a cameo role in a film like that.
Then shall I do it? I need to reconcile with her, too.
Why would you do anything? Your bottom has to do the work.
The problem is that the shoot will take place in the countryside,
and they're also being vague about the role.
- I don't care. I have to do it. - Yes, you must.
Ms. Jo will at least meet me, then.
Then I'll let them know.
Nice, double!
Arms, come out. Arms!
The golden calf is mine.
The lucky road, yes!
Let's go to the National Tax Service.
- I thought it was a better role. - Go to jail.
What is this?
Keep it down, will you?
Now, please have a look.
Cut. That was good. You should take a break.
The dice.
The dice!
Yes, the dice is here!
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Please try to move a little more.
No, the other way.
That was good, but let's try one more time. Go the other way.
One, two.
You're rolling off beat. It has to be accurate.
Go a little more. No, the other way.
One more time. Face down.
- One, two. Do it again. - That's what I want.
- A little bit more. - Good work, Joon.
Gosh, be careful with it. Put it away, please.
What is this, seriously?
Joon, you at least get to talk.
You say that because you're not doing it.
Stop whining already. You're shooting a commercial.
How can Joo Yeon recommend me for something like this?
Gosh, you're being so ungrateful.
My pride is crushed.
She's the main model when I'm...
the dice.
Joon, the dice is the most important role.
Gosh, you're so insecure.
Why do you keep taking her side?
Have you become best friends with her after the barbecue? You jerk.
Watch your tongue, seriously. I'll leave if you keep this up.
Go. Get lost.
Go home before I lose it on you. I don't need you.
She has always been like this.
Ever since they won the first place on "Music Top 10", they started...
belittling us for only doing variety shows. They used to laugh at us.
They even ignored us when we said hi to them at the agency.
Gosh, how obnoxious. That witch.
Yes, you're absolutely right. I'll get going, then.
I should get out of here.
I'll just come back another time.
She... She heard everything.
She heard... She heard everything.
She heard every single thing you said.
So?
Did you date my friend, Sun Young, secretly?
No, I just slept with her.
- There's more, right? - Goodness.
Gosh, what was her name?
Right, Ji Hye.
Is that it?
What about Ah Jeong?
Nothing happened with her, right?
- She's my best friend. - What do you want from me?
Goodness gracious. How dare you?
Cut.
All right, let's try it again.
Sure, let's do it.
Ready,
action!
- Why was it... - Guys.
Thanks for everything. Great work, today.
I must say, she slapped me so hard.
I'm sorry.
I don't mean to be rude,
but that was different from the script.
Getting slapped in the face wasn't in the script.
Gosh. Go easy on me, please.
I revised it a little at the last minute to make it more fun.
It's okay. I had fun.
Eun Gab won't badmouth me, will he?
I'll put in a good word for you when I speak to Ms. Jo.
Speak of the devil.
Bye.
Yes, Ms. Jo.
Did you know? We shot the scene with Young Bin today.
Hey, it's okay.
That was my first ever loser role, but it was fun.
A loser played a loser. You did a good job.
Let's go.
- Hello? - Where are you now?
Me? I'm in front of my place.
Where exactly?
- I'm here. - Gosh.
Are you waiting for Young Bin again?
No, not today. I'm just...
I just wanted to come here.
I guess you're going home.
Yes. I packed up all of my stuff.
I came just in case, but I'm so lucky.
I'm actually here to see you.
Me... Me?
I'm embarrassed that I said it.
What's wrong? Are you hungry again?
No, my stomach is a little upset.
Can I use your bathroom?
Sure. You shouldn't hold it in if it's number two.
- Thank you. - Let's go.
Here. Pick one.
I'll give it to you as a souvenir.
My goodness. You seriously rock.
I'll be right back.
- You can only pick one, okay? - All right.
Just so you know, the gray one is the cheapest.
Just apologize to her. What else can you say?
I can't. I'm too embarrassed!
You shouldn't blame it on her no matter how bad the situation is.
Also, I don't think you realize that Joo Yeon likes you.
You're at it again.
You're basically kicking your luck away.
I clearly told you. You deal with the rest.
Did you pick one?
What's she doing? Is she out of her mind?
Hey.
What on earth are you doing here?
I just wanted to lie down on Cha Young Bin's bed.
Stop talking nonsense and just get up.
Just a little more. Just one more minute.
Do you think that this is a sauna or what?
- Get up already. - Gosh, just a little more.
- Why are you so strong? - Please, please...
Where am I right now?
Well...
That wasn't... That wasn't intentional.
I should get up now.
I wasn't going to give you the shirt if you stayed like that for longer.
What am I saying? I'm not making much sense.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry. Oh, I can take care of this.
Can we talk?
Go ahead.
You heard everything I said, right?
I'm sorry.
Well...
Your band...
was very popular.
My band failed and broke up.
Whenever I saw you,
I felt jealous. That's probably why.
It was petty of me.
I'm sorry.
Was it funny?
It's just that outfit. It looks silly.
You talked so seriously in that outfit.
All right. Laugh.
Please laugh as much as you want and accept my apology.
It's okay.
I was young back then. I did many bad things to people around me.
Our hectic schedule made me tired,
and my agency didn't give me much freedom.
I couldn't look around myself.
I was a weird kid.
You think so?
Also,
I've never looked down on or laughed at you.
On the contrary,
I liked you.
What are you talking about?
I was young, and I wasn't allowed to date.
That's why I couldn't tell you.
Is that true?
Get some part-time jobs and go back to school.
I had so much fun in college. I'd love to go back.
I will.
In the end, I saw Young Bin only once from afar.
Still, I'm happy I met you.
Are you?
Thank you for this, too. You're a great guy.
The shirt is not even mine.
It's not only about that.
You really are a great guy.
I'm just...
an unemployed good-for-nothing.
What's wrong about being unemployed?
You're very cheerful and kind.
You're on the same wavelength with me, too.
You look good, too.
I look good?
My goodness.
I'll call you. You can leave now.
My bus will be here soon.
All right. I'll get going.
Make sure...
- to call me. - I will.
Make sure.
- Make sure. - Okay.
What?
What is it now?
Joo Yeon and I are together!
Did you have a dream?
It's true.
She said she had liked me for a long time.
What's with her? Is she pulling your leg?
Are you kidding me? She meant it.
I'm sure she'll regret it.
Hey, you should congratulate me.
Fine, congratulations. Are you sure it's real?
Isn't it some kind of fraud?
Cut it out. Where are you?
I'm seeing Min Ah off at the bus terminal.
What?
Wasn't it going well between you two?
What are you talking about?
Don't try to deny it.
You guys looked like a perfect match.
She's a female version of you.
She's a geek, has no job, and is shameless.
Give it a try.
She seemed to like you, too.
No one likes anyone. You're being ridiculous.
I told you clearly. Don't regret it later.
I should tell Young Bin and Ho Jin, too. Bye.
(Share)
You haven't left?
No, I haven't.
I have something to tell you.
- What is it? - The thing is...
I'm not saying this on the spur of the moment.
I've wanted to say this for a long time.
Were you in the middle of something?
I was posting on social media.
Sorry?
I have a picture of his room. I'm going to sell the shirt.
People will go crazy over it.
Do you have to do it?
Why? It's mine now.
It is,
but Young Bin's boss...
swears a lot. He's not a bad person, though.
There's a guy called Ho Jin, too.
He's a petty guy. He'll get angry at me.
Those two will give me a hard time. Please.
I was going to sell this and come back here next week...
to get Kim Woo Bin's autograph.
Do you know him by any chance?
What's wrong?
You're so pathetic.
I thought you were a nice person,
but you're really pathetic.
Cut it out. You're even more pathetic. You have no job.
A moment ago, you said you liked me even though I had no job.
You said we were on the same wavelength and all.
You're a stalker who ran away from home.
You're so immature.
You're just a good-for-nothing with a celebrity friend.
Good-for-nothing? You're not even going to school.
I have part-time jobs. You have nothing.
That's right.
- Anyway, I'll take it. - You can't.
I didn't give it to you so that you could sell it. Give it to me.
You can't take it back.
There's a thief!
He's a thief!
- You're a thief. - Why am I a thief?
Don't ever call me.
Who else is coming than the director?
Well, I guess the producer will come, too.
I see.
By the way,
I didn't know you'd do this movie.
You're the one who told me it was good.
Like you said last time,
I think I'll trust you.
I see.
- Mr. Lee. - Yes.
The thing is...
I'll be honest with you.
It's not a bad movie,
but I don't think it'd do much good...
to an actress. It's a small role, too.
Then why did you tell me to do it?
It's not appropriate to say it now,
but I'll tell you the truth. If you take this role,
it'd help other actors get roles.
Do you mean Young Bin?
Yes.
Are you saying you were using me in the negotiation...
to get Young Bin a role?
Yes, I'm sorry.
You cancel the meeting.
Okay.
I'll ask Mr. Kim to find me another manager.
Well...
I have nothing to say. I'm sorry.
What can we do? I knew it'd happen.
I'm sorry, Mr. Kim.
It's not your fault. It was my mistake.
When you said you'd recommend that movie to her,
I didn't feel comfortable.
I should have stopped you.
What should I say to her?
Should I get her a new car or a bag or something?
Have you heard anything from Ms. Jo?
Young Bin even made a cameo appearance.
The thing is...
Ms. Jo...
ordered that Young Bin's scene would get cut out.
Sorry? Why?
She got angry that they did it without her permission.
If it weren't for "Lim Hwa Su", I'd...
I guess we won't be...
doing "Lim Hwa Su".
What should I tell Young Bin?
I'm sure there's a way.
Let's talk later. Come to the office first.
Okay.
Hello.
Why did you want to see me?
Are you divorcing your wife or something?
We could have met at your office, but you insisted. Come in.
Well...
I have a favor to ask.
Please.
Young Bin is all I have.
I beg you.
- I'll do my best. - Hey.
Do you...
have to do this?
Should I kneel down or something?
Gosh.
You can do this. I beg you.
Please help me.
- My goodness. - Please.
Hey.
Did you ask Ms. Kang?
I did. We're lovers.
She's helping me.
Why are you staring at me?
He seems to take my joke seriously.
I wasn't counting on her help. Did you beg her or something?
Do you think I'd do that?
Okay.
Hello.
I wanted to talk to you in private. Is it okay for you?
Yes.
I heard you wanted to see me.
Yes. I'd like to do "Lim Hwa Su".
I wanted to apologize, too.
About "War Terminator",
I'm really sorry.
You don't have to do this. I'm not here to hear your apology.
Then...
I'm here to turn you down.
I wanted to tell you that I'm not casting you for "Lim Hwa Su".
From now on, you don't have to do...
any interviews or cameo appearances for my movies.
What can I do for you to stop being angry at me?
I'm not angry at you. I'm just not going to work with you.
Can I just do "Lim Hwa Su"?
No.
I make movies for a living.
Movies are important to me. It's my job.
Everyone involved is important, too.
You do movies just to meet actresses.
No, that's not true.
It is. You do movies so that you can sleep with them.
Like with An So Hee.
But...
should I tell you the real reason why I don't want to work with you?
I never work with actors who can't act.
You can't act.
You're a bad actor.
Why did she want us to leave?
I'm so worried I'm craving alcohol.
Don't worry. It'll be fine.
Mr. Kim.
- What? - Well...
I...
ended up...
seeing you beg Ms. Kang.
Gosh. Did you?
It's nothing. You just have to swallow your pride...
and make some compromises.
Don't tell Young Bin.
Of course.
I'm sorry about that.
You don't have to be. He's my actor.
You got on bad terms with Lee El because of Young Bin. Work it out.
I will.
It was hard to arrange this meeting. I hope it goes well.
I hope so, too.
How did it go? Did it go well?
Why are you out already?
Are you done already?
Let's go. I don't think I'll be able to do "Lim Hwa Su".
What did she say? Did you have a fight?
You're not answering me.
Ho Jin, keep him here. I'll go talk to her.
Okay.
Stay here. Don't go.
What happened?
What is it?
- I don't want to talk. Let's go. - Wait. What is it?
Come on. We came all the way here, and what happened?
You have to tell me.
Wasn't it you that wanted this meeting?
I didn't know it'd go like this.
She wasn't going to work with me.
She just wanted to take her anger out on me.
She only talked about "War Terminator".
Gosh.
Didn't you expect it?
Didn't you?
You wanted the movie desperately. Why didn't you just put up with it?
Put up with it?
Yes. You should've just put up with it. Mr. Kim even...
Mr. Kim went through so much. I had to run here and there, too.
What's wrong with you?
You said you'd apologize to her and beg her.
What are you doing now? You dashed out after a minute.
I had a good reason.
You should have put up with it.
You should have kneeled down and begged her.
Do you have any idea what I...
Forget it.
You quit whenever you feel slightly irritated.
I'm getting tired of it. We worked so hard in vain.
Do you think so?
Then quit.
I will.
Get lost.
- You jerk. - You idiot.
(Entourage)
Isn't Ho Jin coming home?
He told me to quit. I will.
Do you want me to bring Ho Jin back?
He's mean.
He's impatient, stubborn, and short-tempered.
Did he tell on me like a child?
- Young Bin thinks... - Does he think I'm irresponsible?
I just told the truth.
It's not because he's my actor. If you have eyes, you'd know it!
You've been working so hard so far!
I won't see you again.
What are you doing? Did you decide without telling me?
I have no reason to go on. It's meaningless.